Integration tests (#3417)
regro/cf-scripts: tests_integration/resources/empty-graph/README.md

# cf-graph-countyfair (For Integration Tests)

> This repository is used in integration tests of [cf-scripts](https://github.com/regro/cf-scripts) to simulate the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is used in integration tests of [cf-scripts](https://github.com/regro/cf-scripts) to set up a clean initial state for the
```

Is that more accurate or did I get it wrong?

Author: That's good!
